# FETA
Financial Excellence Tracking Application

## Running Locally
1. Download the files from this release
2. Get your [Firestore Service Account JSON](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/admin/create-custom-tokens#using_a_service_account_json_file) file containing the authentication token for Google Firestore
    - (Recommended) Save the JSON file at a secure location on your system, and set the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` to the path of the file.
    - Otherwise, save the JSON file as `private.json` at the root directory of the project.
3. Create a OAuth2 Client on [Google Compute Engine](https://console.cloud.google.com) and save the JSON file
    - (Recommended) Save this JSON file at a secure location, and set the `OAUTH_CLIENT_CREDENTIALS` environment variable to the path to the JSON file.
    - Otherwise, save the credentials as `credentials.json` in the root directory of the project.
4. Generate an OAuth2 token for Gmail with the correct scopes
    1. Execute `npm start`, it should prompt you to click a link to get a token.
    2. Paste the authorization token into the command line
    3. (Recommended) Move the generated `token.json` to a secure location, and set `OAUTH_CLIENT_TOKEN` environment variable to the path of the token JSON file.
    4. Use `CTRL+C` to terminate the application for now.
5. Set the `MAILING_LIST_SENDER` environment variable to the email used to create the credentials JSON file.
    - This is used to notify users of changes in their account
6. (Optional) Set other environment variables to improve application security
    - Set the `SALT_ROUNDS` variable to create more secure password hashes using bcrypt
        - By default this is 10.
    - Set the `SESSION_SECRET` variable to secure user sessions
        - By default this is a string `fetacheese`, it should be set to a random value 256-bit value generated by a cryptographically secure random number generator.
7. Execute `npm start` at the project's root directory
    - The local server should listen on port 8000 by default, and navigate to `localhost:8000` to view the page.
    - (Optional) Set an alternative port by modifying the `PORT` environment variable.

## Viewing the Project
FETA is also hosted through Heroku at [🧀.generic.fish](https://🧀.generic.fish/) or [feta.generic.fish](https://feta.generic.fish).
